---
layout: post
author: Wouter Van Schandevijl
title: "Make Radarr/Sonarr UI Obsolete with integrations (Part 2)"
subTitle: "If lists are just not cutting it for you... Try adding more containers?"
date: 2022-10-02
desc: >
  Some *Arr and other projects that can help you fill those hard disks without having to search for content yourself.
bigimg:
  url: Integrations-Big.png
  desc: "Photo by nine koepfer"
  origin: https://unsplash.com/photos/iPbwEiWkVMQ
img:
  url: Integrations.png
  desc: "Photo by Alessandro Erbetta"
  origin: https://unsplash.com/photos/8oYPewvmhnY
categories: 
tags: [tutorial,fun]
series: home-media-server
toc:
  title: Lists
  icon: imdb
---


Lists are great for integrating with your IMDB Watchlist and for following automated lists.  
While lists can be filtered on Genre, Year(s) etc, which filters are available depends on the
source (ex: IMDB vs TMDB) but is typically rather limited.

Let's have a look at some projects that can help with populating Sonarr/Radarr in a manual or automated way.

<!--more-->

# Containers


## Ombi

{% include github-stars.html url="Ombi-app/Ombi" desc="Want a Movie or TV Show on Plex/Emby/Jellyfin? Use Ombi!" %}

Ombi was already mentioned in earlier articles as something that you'd give to your spouse so s/he can easily request
or directly download stuff without having to know about the complexities of Sonarr/Radarr.

But Ombi can be great for yourself as well, it has an easy-to-use interface for discovering new things
which you can then send directly to Radarr/Sonarr.

[Checkout the live demo](https://ombi.io/)


## Overseerr & Jellyseerr


{% include github-stars.html url="sct/overseerr" desc="Request management and media discovery tool for the Plex ecosystem" %}
{% include github-stars.html url="Fallenbagel/jellyseerr" desc="Fork of overseerr for jellyfin support" %}

[Checkout the UI](https://overseerr.dev/)


## Traktarr

You can add Trakt lists in Radarr/Sonarr, or you could take things a step further and use `Traktarr`.

{% include github-stars.html url="l3uddz/traktarr" desc="Script to add new series & movies to Sonarr/Radarr based on Trakt lists." %}

Note that this is JSON configuration, there is no UI!



# Mobile

## LunaSea

{% include github-stars.html url="JagandeepBrar/LunaSea" desc="Self-hosted software controller built using Flutter" %}

A [mobile app](https://www.lunasea.app) to easily check all your *Arrs? Yes please!



## Radarr & Sonarr Companion

[Download the Companion](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=easy.radarr)



# Other Projects

{% include github-stars.html url="faulander/P4S" desc="Premieres for Sonarr - a small sonarr companion app to find all the new shows you've never known you're interested in!" %}
{% include github-stars.html url="TheUltimateC0der/listrr" desc="listrr.pro creates and maintains lists on trakt.tv completely automated based on your filters." %}
{% include github-stars.html url="suchacomic/Mubi-radarr-list" desc="Scrapes Mubi for movies and produces a StevenLu type list for radarr." %}
{% include github-stars.html url="petio-team/petio" desc="Petio Request, Discover, Review (for Plex)" %}
